charts/README.md, before:

# Helm charts overview

While you can use these charts directly, they are not intended to be used directly.  These charts are not updated for version information.

These charts are for used as templates for an ArgoCD Application deployment.  That deployment maintains the hints needed for Renovate to update image versions.

---

| Chart | Description | ArgoCD Manifest |
| ----- | ----------- |-----------------|
| [home-assistant](apps/home-assistant) | Home Assistant | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/home-assistant-argocd-helm) |
| [mosquitto](apps/mosquitto) | Eclipse Mosquitto - An open source MQTT broker | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/mosquitto-argocd-helm) |
| [k8s-pod-restart-info-collector](apps/pod-restart-info-collector/)| Controller to Monitor for and alert on Kubernetes Pod Restarts | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/pod-restart-info-collector) |
| [trilium-notes](apps/trilium-notes/)|Trilium Notes is a hierarchical note taking application with focus on building large personal knowledge bases.| [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/trilium-notes-argocd-helm) |
| [unifi](apps/unifi) | Ubiquiti Network's Unifi Controller | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/unifi-controller-argocd-helm) |
| [zigbee2mqtt](apps/zigbee2mqtt) | Bridges events and allows you to control your Zigbee devices via MQTT | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/zigbee2mqtt-argocd-helm) |

Commit message:

Bumped apt-cacher-ng chart version

charts/README.md, after:

# Helm charts overview

While you can use these charts directly, they are not intended to be used directly.  These charts are not updated for version information.

These charts are for used as templates for an ArgoCD Application deployment.  That deployment maintains the hints needed for Renovate to update image versions.

---

| Chart | Description | ArgoCD Manifest |
| ----- | ----------- |-----------------|
| [apt-cacher-ng](apps/apt-cacher-ng/) | Apt-Cacher NG - A caching proxy. Specialized for package files from Linux distributors, primarily for Debian (and Debian based) distributions but not limited to those. | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/apt-cacher-ng) |
| [home-assistant](apps/home-assistant) | Home Assistant - Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first.| [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/home-assistant-argocd-helm) |
| [k8s-pod-restart-info-collector](apps/pod-restart-info-collector/)| Controller to Monitor for and alert on Kubernetes Pod Restarts | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/pod-restart-info-collector) |
| [mosquitto](apps/mosquitto) | Eclipse Mosquitto - An open source MQTT broker | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/mosquitto-argocd-helm) |
| [trilium-notes](apps/trilium-notes/)|Trilium Notes is a hierarchical note taking application with focus on building large personal knowledge bases.| [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/trilium-notes-argocd-helm) |
| [unifi](apps/unifi) | Ubiquiti Network's Unifi Controller | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/unifi-controller-argocd-helm) |
| [zigbee2mqtt](apps/zigbee2mqtt) | Bridges events and allows you to control your Zigbee devices via MQTT | [Link](https://github.com/reefland/ansible-k3s-argocd-renovate/tree/master/_extra_apps/zigbee2mqtt-argocd-helm) |
